Add a guide for preparing the Rust annual survey (#251)
rust-lang/surveys: annual-survey.md

   - Change basic time information, e.g. bump years
   - Change Rust versions (usually they move forward by ~10 versions, based on the 6-week schedule)
   - See [#234](https://github.com/rust-lang/surveys/pull/234) for an example PR
2. Go through the [issue tracker](https://github.com/rust-lang/surveys/issues) and try to resolve issues from the last year
   - Try to find issues that could be applicable, and modify the questions accordingly via PRs to this repo
3. Ask for general feedback for question/answer additions/modifications
   - Ideally, ask in the [#rust-survey](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/402479-t-community.2Frust-survey) or
   [#general](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122651-general) Zulip streams, and also try to ask the individual
   top level teams (`t-compiler`, `t-lang`, `t-cargo` etc.).
4. Finalize the questions/answers for the given year (ideally by **end of September**)
5. Put the survey questions to SurveyHero
   - This needs collaboration with the Rust foundation, please ask in the [#rust-survey](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/402479-t-community.2Frust-survey)
   Zulip stream for assistance.

> 6. Find translator volunteers
>    - Either for translating the survey, or for reviewing auto-generated translations.
>    - You can ask around on the `#rust-survey` or `#general` Zulip streams for assistance.

Reviewer: I'd expand a bit this section to mention the hidden traps in the translation workflow using SH (feel free to improve the wording)

```suggestion
6. Translate the questionnaire
   - SurveyHero can generate the questionnaire in other languages, uses some machine translation which often leaves a bit to desire
   - Find translators for reviewing the survey and the auto-generated translations
   - You can ask around on the `#rust-survey` or `#general` Zulip streams for assistance.
   - Be aware that the SurveyHero export feature is currently broken (breaks non Latin alphabets) and importing the translations is not allowed. Correcting the translations is therefore a manual work both for the translator and for the operator that has access to the SurveyHero backoffice.
   - Translators can take advantage of [this small guide](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/402479-t-community.2Frust-survey/topic/Translation.20guide/near/406836813)
```

7. Double-check the survey flow in SurveyHero
   - Go through all the possible paths through the survey, and check that the questions and answers in SurveyHero are
   the same as in `questions.md`.
   - Possible problems:
     - Missing answers or questions
     - Wrong survey flow (questions being skipped, or not being skipped, when they should be)
     - Radio buttons instead of checkboxes for exclusive answers
     - Typos

>    - Optionally, the [`verifier`](verifier) binary can also be used to check this, if you are able to get access to the

Reviewer: I think you wanted to add a markdown link to this `verifier`?

Author: It is a markdown link, right? The file is in the root and points to the `verifier` directory.

Reviewer: ah yes sorry I didnt check :smile:
